I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!
Testing 1-2, there is a heater on in the background.
Hello Tony, good to see ya.
This is a tactical nuke coming in at 11.11.
Good to see everybody right on time.
I'll be here in about 5 minutes.
Go ahead and tweet it out.
Tell everybody this is happening because uh... It's time.
I mean... You know... I've been all in for a while now and I'm just gonna go all in again.
Because that's what is required.
I'm gonna lose everything no matter what.
It's wrecked my life no matter what so...
It's time.
Ladies and gentlemen, you are listening to the voice of Jonathan Cooey from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the United States of America.
It's January 22nd, 2025.
This is the Gigaohm Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief.
You can find me by looking on the PubMed database under the last name C-O-U-E-Y, first initials J and J.
Good to see everybody.
Good to see you, Brother Spoon, Garden Variety, Human, Solar Fire, Solar Embers, and The Mark.
Snoozatronic in the house.
Boy, some boring shows lately, man.
Yesterday's was surely, sure, very boring.
I guess that's why I'm going to feature it in the sixth slide here.
Good to see you in the chat, everybody.
Goes right back to the origins of modern democracy in the English revolutions of the 17th century.
English Revolution of the 17th century.
At that time, great concern was expressed over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers with their little printing presses and their pamphlets and their public speeches, which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the Parliament and the King were carrying out their much narrower struggle than when you read about in the history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry, but by men of their own kind.
men who know the people's swords," quoting from Leveller pamphlets.
And observing their activities, one contemporary historian warned that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
isolation, what was it?
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
They interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, and it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles, because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
I don't think there should be any pretense for being polite after saying this in 2019 and going along with it in 2020.
It's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest... But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Follow the rules.
Protect yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
Keep it clean.
Touch gloves if you wish.
Let's do it.
Sweaty palms.
This is so crazy.
Like goosebumps.
I feel so nervous.
Like, what in the world, man?
Let me introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment.
Mr. President, we certainly couldn't do this without you.
It would simply be impossible.
AI holds incredible promise for all of us, for every American.
We've actually been working with OpenAI for a while and with MASA for a while.
The data centers are actually under construction.
The first of them are under construction in Texas.
Each building is a half a million square feet.
There are 10 buildings currently being built, but that will expand to 20 and other locations beyond the Abilene location, which is our first location.
The kind of applications that we're building, to give you an idea, maybe the most charismatic and the ones I think touches us all is electronic health records, not just maintaining electronic health records, but by looking at electronic health records.
It goes right there.
There it is.
chronic health records, understanding the condition of the doctors, better understanding the condition of their patients, and being able to provide health care plans that are much better than they otherwise would be.
A doctor in Indian River Reservation would be able to see how a doctor at Memorial Sloan Kettering would treat the patients.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Theranos was the same scam.
It would have created the same remnant stream.
Don't you see it now?
Theranos was going to create the same remnant stream for the same purpose.
Come on guys.
We're there now.
I could not have called it without Mark Kulak of Use of Tonic Live.
There's no way, there's no way I would have got to this without him.
I'm not going to leave you hanging.
Headin' into twilight, spreadin' out her wings tonight She got you jumpin' off the deck, shovin' in the overdrive
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Riding on the edge, it's always where I burn to be.
The further on the edge, the hotter the intensity.
Highway to the danger zone.
Gonna take a ride into the danger zone.
Change the sound Gonna take it right into the world Change the sound
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by Biologist.
It is the 28th of January 2025.
Biology is the way, and this is one place to find it on the internet.
It's kind of hard to find on the internet, but I'm just some dude, and I don't know how to cut my music off very well.
Welcome to the show.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage It's cold as a witch's booby in a brass brassier here in Pittsburgh We woke up this morning and it was minus thousand and the schools are remote and so there's a lot of noise upstairs and a lot of stuff going on with my wife trying to keep everybody from
from getting eaten by little Mike.
This is GigaOM Biological.
Again, we're just coming to you as often as possible to try and, I guess, show you what's visible.
Right now, I think more than it has really ever been before, something really spectacular is visible.
Something that amounts to a military
government operation which was designed to take advantage of our ubiquitous use of social media to control what we think about in a way that someone like Edward Bernays or even someone like Noam Chomsky could never have imagined possible.
And that's what singularly explains why
Zuckerberg and Bezos and Elon and all these people have transitioned seamlessly into the next round of governance.
And it is so vital that we try to show our children this now because it will never be so visible as it is now and so tangible and accessible on the internet and
and able to be put into context.
Because right now our children are growing up having incredibly short attention spans.
And what comes with an incredibly short attention span is also incredibly short time horizons.
Our children have trouble remembering three years ago, never mind five.
And that's the primary goal of this operation, to make sure that our children are separated from us by their understanding of history, especially this recent history.
And that's why it's so vital to see how malevolent it is that the vast majority of people on social media are convinced that the COVID shots are bad, but there's nothing in 2020 to talk about.
And so as,
As difficult as it is to stop doing this, I feel like it's also imperative that I don't stop.
I can't get it out of my head that no one cares who I worked for or with or when except for mice on X, anonymous accounts on X.
And then they don't make any useful connections.
They don't investigate anything to do with what I did at Pitt or who I worked with or who I talked to or what papers came out of Pitt during the pandemic because that would further reveal the extent to which I've been meddled with and how long and how many people were sent to my house.
including a faculty member of the University of Pittsburgh who published a paper about the sequence of the virus.
And yet somehow none of these sleuths have ever figured that out.
That guy actually asked to meet me for a coffee to talk about it, to make sure that I understood that what his paper said indirectly is that it was a lab leak.
And not one of these sleuths has ever bothered to try and track that person down, interview that person, or bothered to make the connection that I reported that back then and when and why.
Because again, it would reveal that I've done nothing but struggle against this.
As person after person entered my life and consistently lied to me and my family about why they were there and their intentions to help.
And that list is so long that it is just extraordinary to me.
And still all of those people, they don't care about the names in the future health and human secretaries book.
Really, they just don't care.
Not one journalist cares.
Not one democratic journalist, not one far left-leaning journalist looking to end this nonsense with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has bothered to look in that book and find out who helped him write it.
Who provided the expertise that that apparently tall tale
CHD fired me and fired like 19 other people last year, including the retirement of No Note, of Laura Bono, the founder of the organization.
It's like she didn't even matter.
There was no thank you, Laura, for getting the best organization in the United States started for me from Mary Holland.
No tribute from Mary Holland to Laura Bono.
No, no.
Laura Bono just kind of quietly retired and a bunch of other people apparently quietly left or quietly were dismissed.
I can't really tell because a lot of those people are actually listed on the acknowledgements page of this book but won't talk to me anymore.
The same people who know all about
rixie's role or not role in this book all those people are listed in the beginning of this book there's like 10 people who know that i'm telling the truth and the crazy part is they're all listed in this book and anybody who wanted to verify what i've said
about how Rixey was fired, how he was hired, how he came to my house, who called me when, you can verify it all.
And they're all listed here.
Some of them still work for CHD.
Some of them apparently were fired in October of last year, but it's hard to verify.
And this will not be as visible as it is right now in two years.
It won't be as relevant because they will have driven more needles under your fingertips.
They will have distracted you with more death and suffering.
But it can be seen right now.
You can ask other people that are listed on that acknowledgements page, especially the people in the first paragraph that actually worked for CHD.
Those names are prominent.
Some of them claim to have been fired last year, although I haven't been able to confirm it.
Laura Bono retired last year and I can't understand why there wasn't a dedication to her thank you for her guts for sitting on the porch of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
until he finally read some papers.
And if you're scratching your head and wondering why you didn't know that Laura Bono, the founder of CHD, finally retired from that organization, it's because it is sabotaged.
And I've been trying to tell you that for two years now, at least.
The former Human Genome Project alum is lying about this same book, this same book written by
the nominated Secretary for Health and Human Services.
There is a former Human Genome Project alum that is lying about the contents of that book and how it was written.
And there are at least 10 people listed in the acknowledgement page of this book that can confirm that the former Human Genome Project Research and Director Kevin McKernan is lying about the contents of this book and how it was written.
You don't have to take my word for it.
You can find any number of people listed on the acknowledgements page, anybody that worked for CHD in the editing page, you know, like Aaron and Jackie and some of those other, they all know.
And where are they right now?
Where are they speaking up for their friend Jay, who they worked with for a year on writing this book, sometimes late at night,
They say they were fired.
I don't know where they are though.
I don't know what they're doing to push this ball forward now that they know that CHD is, I don't get it.
And you haven't heard any of this stuff because I've been trying to be cool about it.
Because maybe I was tricked into being cool about it.
Maybe I was just told a story.
I don't know anymore, don't you see?
Because it's allowed for a former Human Genome Project alumni to go around lying about the book of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who's nominated for a very significant position in our government.
And if you don't see it right now, maybe the biggest story that nobody's covering, there's not one article about this.
He went on a giant podcast, multiple podcasts, and said a name who I can verify with other people on staff, is a meddler, is a player, is probably a liar, and a person with ulterior motives.
And that former Human Genome Project alum just went on multiple podcasts and called him a marine who's got the whole story of the lab leak wrapped up.
And I haven't gotten a biology challenge yet.
Not one person has decided to challenge any of the things that I've said in my streams in regard to the PCR tests or the background or infectious clones or recombinant DNA and RNA transfected into cell culture and called virology.
None of the no-virus people have picked up on this nuance in the language and forwarded their argument.
What you need to see, ladies and gentlemen, is that they're all part of the same team.
Team worst case scenario.
That is absolutely true.
Otherwise, you can't explain this.
This is my timeline right here.
This is me, right?
I was a tenure track chaser for 15 years before the pandemic.
Actually longer, it's closer to 20.
At the beginning of the pandemic, I was a
I was a research assistant professor at Pitt Med.
And that blue box here signifies the four or five years that I was working there until I got fired.
I was a founding member of drastic and I was a member of drastic for about a year before they threw me out.
Why?
Because I wanted to talk about transfection.
I wanted to warn everybody that transfection would be a crime, especially if we're gonna do it to anybody but the people who are vulnerable to the very dangerous disease.
I published a review about it in 2021 and I call it the Scooby review.
It's kind of a turning point for me because I was goaded into writing every part of that, encouraged to write every part of that, tricked into writing every part of that.
And I'm very open and I have been very open about the fact that I think I've been tricked by everyone involved from that time on.
because the person who I wrote that review with also is the person that hooked me up with the signal chat, the IDW signal chat that Brett Weinstein and a few others were involved in.
And when that ended, I was picked up by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
This has been a long, long road for me with lots of people coming to my house to try and convince me that it was a lab leak and that I'm the one who figured it out and that I'm pretty smart and that I should keep talking about that and stay focused on that.
Every single person that came to my house tried to convince me that the shot wasn't really that important.
The biology of the shot isn't that important.
It's the biology of the virus.
The biology of the spike protein.
And that nonsense was going on through the brown portion, through the pink portion, and through the blue portion.
Everybody had that idea.
Every group that I was ever involved in could not separate the two, could not generalize across transfection as a methodology, but instead insisted upon for five years that it wasn't the methodology, it was the special protein they chose, or how they did it, or the lipid, it could not be transfection itself, which is what I said in 2020.
with the experience of having transfected probably thousands of animals in my career.
Most importantly, in 2020, I was saying that they could use nonspecific PCR in a background and this would all be nonsense.
And that I thought that they were doing that to destroy America.
And we are now five years later, ladies and gentlemen, I think everything that I said is basically dead on balls accurate.
And that culminated yesterday in the announcement of the Stargate project, where of course, they're going to collect medical data.
And what I have been trying to explain to you is that de-identified medical data is not that big of a deal.
It's not that big of a problem if they have regular sampling of you.
The important thing was to establish the remnant stream that would allow anyone with a medical record in the system to eventually also have multiple genomic samples generated from remnants of PCR testing.
And that's what their God is.
Their God is AI.
They believe, like I'm sure Mark is right about this, they believe that with brute force computing, if we have enough computers, fastest computers with the data available, and we have enough of that data, then just like if we have enough games of Go, or we have enough games of chess, an AI can brute force
master those games.
They believe that the human genome, if they have enough data of the human genome and they feed it into an AI, that the AI will eventually answer a question that, you know, normal grind science could never answer.
Now never mind the idea that we don't know how AI beat Go.
We don't even know how AI beats chess.
So even if AI was to give us something about our genome that we didn't know, we wouldn't have a substantial understanding of what that conclusion meant or why it meant it or how it came to that conclusion.
And so any knowledge that could potentially be created in this way would be so ridiculously
fragile.
It's just, it's absurd.
And we have been saying that this has been the goal.
Because remember, when, when Joshua Lederberg was telling these stories to people, we didn't have the computers to store the data.
We didn't have the methodology to generate the data.
We didn't have the AI to, to, to brute force.
We didn't have the computer power to brute force anything like that.
That's why they're talking about pentaflops and all this stuff.
It's just brute force calculation, trying everything over and over, all the permutations.
And so you need more computers, the more permutations there are.
And since, you know, the human genome might be one of the more complicated things with more permutations than a lot of other things, it's going to be tricky.
But they're confident that they can do it.
They're so confident that they can do it that they're moving forward with it.
Look, it's all, it's all, I already sacrificed everything.
I wasn't a retired neuroscience at the start of the pandemic like Kevin McCarron was.
I wasn't a NATO postdoc at the start of the pandemic like Jessica Rose was.
I wasn't working for the 100,000 Genomes Project at the start of the pandemic like Claire Craig was.
I wasn't trying to sequence pot for personalized medicine at the start of the pandemic like Kevin McKernan was.
I wasn't... I was minding my own business.
And so it is not with, I don't do this lightly.
I don't say Kevin McKernan's name out loud lightly.
I don't call him a liar lightly.
I call him a liar because it is verifiable and there are several people listed in this book who can verify that he's lying about it.
And specifically, he's lying about a person named Rixie who came to my house in 2022.
Now why would a person who worked for the Human Genome Project need to lie about somebody who was selling shoes at the start of the pandemic?
He would have to lie about it because that guy is part of a team of meddlers that was put on the internet very early.
to confuse people, to unwittingly recruit people that would perpetuate certain parts of the narrative and they could encourage to perpetuate certain parts of the narrative that would never get sophisticated enough to understand exactly what was going on.
And they, I would call team worst case scenario, and they've misled the young by misleading adults.
And we are gonna teach our kids the bullshit that these people have perpetuated.
The need to fear gain of function RNA molecules or natural RNA viruses, or that there are no viruses at all.
These are all one team.
Now, I'm not saying that any of these people on the TV news understand what's happening here, but I guarantee you that that team member, there are team members up there and team members up down there that definitely know they're on the same team.
Otherwise they wouldn't have worked together against my family.
Because that's what happened.
CHD and the no virus people essentially worked in concert against my family to confuse, to put fear and uncertainty into our family.
And ultimately both groups rejected the biology that they still have not managed to challenge or to correct.
And this you must see as an overt admission that these people are a coordinated group of liars that is working against us for the slavers.
I know that this is hard to hear, but this is what you did, what I did on social media.
I sat in a chair and it felt really good and it looked really good and the spaceships were real and the graphics were great.
And I thought that retweeting these people would save the world.
I thought that watching theirs and sharing their podcasts would save our children.
and Team Worst Case Scenario all along was working against us to run out the clock, to make sure that no useful resistance would ever be created on college campuses, that no useful United Noncompliance Movement would ever exist because of people like Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein and Jessica Rose and Andrew Huff and all of these people
You want the criminals?
These are the criminals.
Team worst case scenario is the reason why we are here.
And that includes Rand Paul and Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak and the 60 Minutes team and everybody that has perpetuated this narrative since 2015 and before.
The narrative that there is some worst case scenario is a joke on us and the people who are perpetuating it now are calling themselves Maha.
They want Fauci in jail because RNA can pandemic and apparently Fauci funded the creation of an RNA that's still pandemicing today.
Team Worst Case Scenario was the health freedom movement at the beginning of the pandemic.
That's why I'm calling out Kevin McKernan, who was very busy at the beginning of the pandemic saying that PCR works, just not theirs.
Not the one that the WHO is using.
It's a curious thing for somebody to be on podcasts over and over and over again and over again saying in 2020, that same guy was on my podcast more than a year later to say the same thing that he said on Brett Weinstein's podcast three years after that.
That RNA isn't pure, that the live dead technologies exist and they could have used them and that strains are real.
And in addition to that, in 2024, he's lying about the nominated health and human services secretary's book about Wuhan.
That I happened to be one of the experts that helped write.
Why is this happening?
Because Kevin McKernan is likely part of this
military state sponsored operation to invert our sovereignty to experimental animal status.
That's why he was part of this, you know, limited spectrum of debate that Timor's case scenario did that involved a fear and cleavage site and a nasty spike protein and censorship.
They can't let us talk.
We want to tell you about a lab leak and they're censoring us.
gain of function and flying aids.
Oh, there's no virus at all.
You guys don't have to worry.
They don't isolate anything.
We did FOIAs and nobody, no police department has isolated any virus.
So this is all a hoax.
And Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits with their 20 year history in this narrative control grid show up on our doorstep claiming to be saving us.
We need a new consensus about the fact that the overclass could put into place highly trained acolytes to manipulate our habits and opinions by controlling the questions we asked and the answers we arrived at to trick us into believing anything.
We need to teach our children this.
Because anybody could do this on social media.
Yeah, a bunch of Russians could do it in social media.
Yeah, a bunch of Chinese people in a room could do it in social media.
And yes, the coordinated action of governments and their militaries could do it too.
Once you have an idea that they have made us believe something like, you know, a mystery virus explains the excess deaths that were already expected to occur because of the population pyramid,
Because there is a bump in the population pyramid from the large families after World War II that needed managing or would have bankrupt us.
And so they told us a story about a mystery virus and they used acolytes on social media to do it.
Acolytes who have ignored for many, many years that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
Lawyers on social media that have ignored for years that holding the government to strict scrutiny when they suspend fundamental rights is the foundation of our legislative sort of spirit.
And so strict liability restored to these products would be enough to reverse everything.
Make no mistake about it.
It's not just Kevin McKernan and the lies that he told on the Danny Jones podcast a month ago that have broken this narrative wide open.
It's actually been open for quite some time since November 19th.
2023 when Denny Rancor presented in all of all places Romania and with all people to include Meryl Nass, Jill Glasspool Malone, Robert Malone, Ryan Cole, Brett Weinstein, Steven Hatfill, Nick Hudson, Jessica Rose, Harvey Reich,
And at that thing, supposedly he gave them his presentation, which includes zero epidemiological evidence of spread.
But when these charlatans came back, actually, it's really weird from November 23 until January of 2025, none of the people that were at that conference have ever bothered to say that, wow, it's so cool.
Denny Rancor showed us that there was no epidemiological evidence of spread in the beginning of the pandemic.
But I got some bad news for you.
Since he's come back from Romania, I've been pesting him behind the scenes for him to say that.
I've said that to him more times than I can count.
I've even actually said it to him also on a podcast with Jason Levine, and still he hasn't actually pointed that out.
And it's a pretty glaring omission.
I mean, why travel all the way to Romania to meet with all of these people
and to speak in front of so few cameras and with so little publicity in the nations that you want to save, and then come back and not really, you know, make sure that your message was clear, but instead just let Robert Malone and Jessica Rose say all kinds of things about 17 million people dead from the shot, but ignore the rest of it.
And when he did answer me, Denny said, oh, I'm gonna do it in my time.
I'm gonna do it with strategy.
I don't just blurt things out.
And so now we're in 2025 in January and Denny still hasn't corrected them.
And there's only one conclusion that you can come to then, that that same person also doesn't talk about the population pyramid, specifically said the population pyramid doesn't really matter.
even though people as old as Ted Turner have been talking about this incoming problem for a very long time.
MSN just did a long article about how the aging boomer population is gonna be apocalyptic for the United States.
This is the signal that needed managing with murder and lies.
This is the reason why these people are there because the murder and lies is not only it.
They needed to normalize the idea that we could use PCR to test for stuff because before the pandemic, we didn't do that.
Before the pandemic, there was not a PCR screen for 17 different viruses used as standard in hospitals around the nation.
Those testing remnants didn't exist.
But we're in 2025 now.
And we test everybody for everything and we send those remnants away and we sell them to the highest bidder and all of them contain genetic sequences that if were repeated, or they use AI, you know, or machine learning to rematch those sequences to the people that came into the hospital in any number of above board and nefarious ways,
de-identified records can be matched with genetic signals and the database that these people all have wanted, maybe even wanted back to the day of Theranos, is available to them.
That's where we are in 2025 with the announcement that the Stargate, whatever AI is coming.
And I tell you this humbly, having had their attention,
two years ago.
Having had their attention two years ago and being able to explain in under seven minutes how they did it without the precision that I have now, during a time when I was writing, that's two years ago, I had the attention of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Tess Laurie, and Jessica Rose.
And two years later, those people don't know me from dirt.
It's as if that never happened.
Even though I'm introduced by the now nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary, son of Robert F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., I'm introduced like some kind of... And the crazy part is, is that two and a half years before that is when I first said it right.
Two and a half years.
Five years ago now.
And what I'm trying to tell you is, is that I even had the Population Pyramid right.
Because I saw a Peter Zeehan or Zayhan presentation about the Population Pyramid and the collapse of China, and I suddenly realized, oh my gosh, why aren't we talking about this?
And that's when all of this started.
You see, that's when all of this stuff started, because that's when I started writing the Scooby-Doo Review.
That's when I started to get encouraged to put this down on paper.
That's when Luigi Warren of Drastic, who was also a postdoc in the mRNA business before this and featured in USA Today, that guy sent me the Marek's disease paper.
Awesome.
And a few weeks later, Gert van den Bosch enters the scene talking all about the same stuff.
Wow, Gert van den Bosch is really convincing me that I'm right.
I better keep writing this review.
And then although I had it written by January, it got kind of delayed until May, and I don't know why it got delayed, except for maybe it was being given to other people who were using it and absorbing it.
Again, because the writer of that review is connected to a lot of people in Drastic, and came to my house, and is now gone, vanished.
Wants her name off the review.
What have I done?
And so crazy enough, right after that review in August of 2021 is when I was introduced to Bret Weinstein by the author, the co-author of that review.
She introduced me to Bret Weinstein and Bret Weinstein put me in a signal chat and I have the receipt right here.
August 3rd, 2021, on signal.
Hello fellow confused biologists.
My name is Jonathan Cooey and I am from Pittsburgh.
It would be great if we somehow finally managed to reach you.
I feel like I am drowning in a sea of all alone and I need some assurances that there are people scared for the reason I am.
I'm not crying about this, I have a sinus infection.
And perhaps we have similar ideas on how we could move forward.
I'm just a father of three trying to do what's right.
Be well, I hope to hear from you soon.
Thanks a thousand times for reaching out.
Hey man, good to hear from you.
What should I call you?
Jay, JJ?
I'm a fan of yours way back from the JC on a bike was an early source of, wow.
So he's known me since I had it all right.
Or when did he stop watching?
I read your recent May piece.
I thought it was spot on.
Wow.
Interesting.
I wonder how long he's had access to it.
Maybe he had access since I started writing it.
Hmm.
By the way.
By the way, I want to point out that this Signal Chat group is a group of people that could, in theory, be held to account by anybody that cared.
Any journalist, or investigative reporter, or person that wanted to know the truth, and whether Jonathan Couey's telling the truth or not, could just ask Brett Weinstein, or Alexandros Marinos, or Rounding the Earth, which is, I think, Matt Crawford, and
Chris Martinson, or Brett's wife, or Jumi Kim, and just ask them what they learned from me in this Signal Chat, and then I can go to the Signal Chat and I can verify whether they're telling the truth or not.
Because I have the whole Signal Chat.
We can print it out.
And dates on when I said what to them and what they said, which was not very much ever.
Often the only thing that these people said was, can you explain that a different way again, Jay?
OK, so let's just watch what they were doing before the pandemic, or during the beginning, you know, like in 2020, when I'll put the little time frame here.
Interestingly, I think the way you've set this up makes good sense, because the current predicament with the vaccines, and there are two of them that are rapidly moving towards widespread distribution,
shows us both the strength of the engineering approach and the weakness of the engineering approach in the context of a complex system.
So in some sense, the engineering approach caused us to be able to generate and I say us, I mean humanity to generate vaccines in less than a year.
which is a very rapid production schedule.
And, you know, there is no way you should regard this as anything other than a spectacular achievement, no matter what else may be true of these vaccines.
The ability to get a vaccine that actually does create substantial immunity, and it looks really good in this case after two vaccinations, it looks like 90% successful or close to it in both cases.
Does that sound like he's saving anybody in 2020, like I was trying to do when I got kicked out of the University of Pittsburgh?
For yelling at fellow faculty members about the fact that this is just transfection, you know, like you use on your mice?
You're not gonna do this to your grandparents, are you?
This guy's saying it's pretty remarkable.
It works great.
I mean, it produces an incredible amount of immunity and we built it in less than a year.
I mean, this is nothing short of an amazing accomplishment.
So, that's an amazing achievement.
The question is, what else does it do?
And I want to point to three things that I believe are worrisome in this case and that mean that your normal model, your normal model for how to feel about vaccine safety may be good or it may be cruddy or probably it's somewhere in between.
This doesn't belong in the same category.
And unfortunately, because we use these heuristics, and because there is this voice out there, that for many different reasons, some of them purely financial and some of them policy based, there's this voice that sort of wants you to default into standard vaccine brain.
And it's not appropriate here.
Still trying to figure out what standard vaccine brain is after having heard it yesterday.
But apparently he's definitely not skeptical and you'll find many, many YouTube videos of him from this point on in 2020 talking about the miracle of vaccines and trying to differentiate the new ones from the old ones.
And you will, those of you who have been watching for a long time will be aware that GigaOM Biological is currently making the argument that all intramuscular injection under the guise of medicine for healthy people is
on the table dumb and doctors need to rethink this idea and maybe we're just going to throw it out but they're not there yet and they are not there now they're not there at this video in 2020 but they're not there now in 2025 and that is by design and it could just be because
This is a relatively unsophisticated person masquerading as a very sophisticated person and the powers that be, the overclass, are taking advantage of his egoism.
I don't know for sure his narcissism.
I don't know.
But it feels very much like this is a person who is actively working against us.
It's not a naive person that could at any point in time be woken up.
This is a person who has denied my existence to
to a degree that seems almost implausible.
And so yeah, again, given the fact of how much interaction we had in 2021 and 2022, it's just, it's just absurd.
So a few episodes ago, maybe in the Q&A, we raised this just briefly, and I reported that I had had a conversation with a mutual acquaintance who had asked me, you know, what do I do?
What do I know?
And I, at that point, it was just beginning to emerge, and I did not know that they were mRNA vaccines.
And what I said to her, and what I said on air that I had said to her was, it might not be effective, but it's unlikely to be any more dangerous than any other vaccine.
And I think that is not true.
And I don't know, I think we can't know if that is true.
How about that?
It is possible that the safety is even greater than other vaccines, but because... It's possible that the safety is even greater than other vaccines, but because we can't know, we have to be very careful with our language.
You can see it if you want it.
Thank you very much.
I am congelin for saying that because in 2022, two years later, when she finally does say my name out loud, she says that Jonathan Cooley insists that we should call these transfections.
And I'm, I agree with him because anything that has fading efficacy shouldn't be called a vaccine.
These people are traitors to our children and you can see it in plain daylight.
If you just pay attention to their words and when they said them,
So it's no accident that we are seeing two mRNA vaccines as opposed to more traditional like antigen or protein-based vaccines is precisely because it is one of the key features of an mRNA vaccine.
And the fact is that there are just a couple of things about what this is doing that are so novel.
They aren't inherently dangerous, but they are inherently novel.
And we inherently don't know what happens down that novel road.
They're not dangerous, they're just novel.
And I want to be very clear about that.
They're not inherently dangerous, they're just novel.
She has no concept.
of how they could be dangerous because her understanding of human physiology is so poor.
She's an evolutionary biologist who's collected some insects and stuff.
And maybe bats.
This is not a person who has thought on the sophisticated level that they claim the systems level.
their understanding of the limitations of the molecular level of biology and the analysis at the molecular level is horribly, horribly handicapping their understanding of this.
And so at this time, they just have been encouraged
and given a script and they're sticking to it.
It's gross, but it's obvious too.
I wanna level us all.
Listen carefully.
These vaccines, and if you fricking toss us off YouTube for speaking literal, careful truth and explaining it.
Here it comes.
We'll go great guns on this because we have to stop playing this stupid game.
These vaccines are dangerous.
That does not mean they are harmful.
Okay, and the distinction is this.
We do not know what the consequence of these vaccines will be on a body long term.
It may be that the consequence is not serious harm or that serious harm comes to a very tiny fraction of people and it's well worth it in the context of, as you point out, the harm that we know comes from this virus.
But the way to think about this is Russian roulette.
Is Russian roulette dangerous?
Yes, it's fucking dangerous, right?
But it only harms something like 18% of the people who play around, right?
So the thing is, it has no harm to most people who experience it, right?
And the point... So, of course, this is the argument that they're going to use.
This is the argument that they're... One of the arguments they're going to use to say that these shots were imperfect
was that they didn't go to the right place, or they weren't properly designed, or some excuse as to why that they didn't work, because most of the time they do work.
He's actually trying to tell you that most of the time they're safe, but sometimes they're not, and so maybe it might be worth rolling the dice, because the virus actually also hurts people.
You ready?
The point is, the risk that comes from pulling the trigger in Russian roulette is not the same thing as the harm of the bullet that either is or isn't in the chamber.
The bullet is COVID.
You see, if you get COVID, then it's just a bullet in the head.
But if you play Russian roulette, it's like one in five.
Don't you see it?
This is the most malevolence that could possibly be on display on the internet.
And it's not, it's not censored.
This is not off the internet.
This is available for you to see and verify.
This is a man without principles.
This is a traitor to our children.
is an important one, but that's a dangerous analogy because there is no benefit to playing Russian roulette.
Well, I would agree, but my point is simply about when we say that something is safe, what does that mean?
And when we say that something is safe, what it means is that we know it doesn't do harm.
It doesn't mean that we have not yet identified a harm, right?
So all I'm saying is that the nature of the complex system that we are interfering with
is such that there are many possible consequences that we are not in a position to rule out yet.
And because of that, I believe we have an obligation to talk to people about what the consideration is.
And as you point out, as we've both pointed out.
The harm of COVID-19 is very, very serious, even if the percentage of people who die from it while they're sick is low, right?
So it is not as if the fact that there are big risks that come along with this vaccine is indicative of something.
And in fact, I think
It's a little hard to say, but just eyeballing the technique that they have used here, in many ways, it is fairly low likelihood of interfering with the immune system in a disastrous way because, as you point out, there's no virus involved.
They're basically a pseudovirus.
They've created a coat, a lipid coat, and they've got a segment of RNA.
But there's literally no infectious agent in the vaccine, unlike traditional vaccines, which can themselves be infectious, infective.
I'm not actually sure which of those are the right words here.
An mRNA vaccine is not itself an infectious agent.
Oh, great.
Thanks for clearing that up now.
So we should describe a little bit about how it works.
So you've got mRNA, that M is a lowercase
So here's 2021 is when December 2021, that would be a year after this is when Kevin McKernan came on my stream to say that the RNA is contaminated.
We have live dead technology that could clear up the overcycling and the strains are really interesting, aren't they?
I worked for the Human Genome Project, so I know so much more than you.
And remember that it was in May that I post my review, but it was right in December actually that I started writing it.
And just to remind you, something really interesting happened in November of 2021 with Brett Weinstein that he didn't tell you until June of 2023, which really, really triggered me at the time because I didn't really understand what was going on.
I'm just going to move forward now.
Folks, welcome to the Dark Horse podcast.
I have the distinct honor of sitting today with Dr.
So I wonder if you realize that in 2021, that's here.
And this is when I'm in the signal chat with Brett and the pink here.
In December 6th, 2021 was the first time that Peter McCullough was on his stream.
Now this is already six months after the Steve Kirsch, Robert Malone podcast that supposedly demonetized his YouTube channel.
It's after Joe Rogan.
It's after Pierre Corey.
We have
Peter McCullough on the Dark Horse podcast, and he looks really uncomfortable.
And this interview is after, after Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
did a three-hour in-person interview in Brett's house.
It is one month after
And that video will not be released for another year and a half, but Peter McCullough is pretty much a live stream.
Let's see what they've got to say.
Peter McCullough, who is an academic internist.
I think you're going to be shocked.
Epidemiologist in Dallas, Texas.
Dr. McCullough, welcome to Dark Horse.
Thanks for having me on.
So I have been aware of your work now for I don't know how many months.
You have become a kind of celebrity in heterodox doctoring circles in light of your position on COVID and its treatment.
This is obviously a very fraught landscape with a lot of what I regard as political landmines that are getting in the way of
good doctoring and good science.
And I was hoping to talk to you about what you see from your position in medicine.
Well, I'm coming up on two years like you, Brett, of really a singular focus on the medical problem of our lifetimes.
So it's the medical problem of our lifetimes.
And remember, just to remind you again, this is from the 6th of December, 2021, when I'm already in a Signal Chat with Brett Weinstein.
And he has already, a month earlier, interviewed Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for three hours, but has not released the video.
And this is a video he released on the day that he recorded it.
And I think a lot of what you just described is a convergence of
of so many human emotions, including personal fear of infection in oneself, as well as pain and suffering and isolation in loved ones.
And then to see the twists and turns in what medical physicians and medical staff and ancillary personnel believe about the pandemic as they receive information through the media.
Well, if I might, I'm hoping to start somewhere else.
I'm watching doctors like you who are doing what I consider to be the fundamental job in medicine, which is to scientifically evaluate phenomena, whether that is a patient who has a mysterious set of symptoms or whether that's a pandemic about which we are learning the nature of the pathogen.
Doctors are supposed to be scientists.
And that means that they don't simply dispense wisdom from on high.
What they do is they use, often informally, a version of the scientific method to discover the nature of a phenomenon and then learn how to effectively treat it.
And doctors like you have been learning about COVID, as we all have,
But those who have reached a conclusion that is at odds with the public health narrative are, I'm struggling to find an alternative term, but seem to be.
These people are not an alternative health narrative.
They accept the novel virus.
They accept that it's different, that it affects everyone, that everybody's afraid of it.
that we might need novel things for because it's a novel virus and that we have lots to learn about it because this is a respiratory disease unlike any other.
This is exactly the state narrative.
What is he talking about then?
What is the skepticism?
There is no skepticism represented here.
And only in 2025, in retrospect, can you see how vapid these claims are of skepticism and censorship.
And we're trying to present an alternative narrative to what?
What is the alternative narrative here?
It is not very impressive to me and it shouldn't be to you either.
And once you see it for what it is, you can see they titrated this for years.
They made it impossible for us to save college kids.
But it's not impossible to save them now.
We could show them what we missed.
Gaslit, you're being told effectively that the pathogen you're confronting isn't what you think it is.
And I'm wondering what that looks like from your perspective.
Well, what you describe is what's called inferential thinking, that we're always drawing inferences
from a series of observations.
And with a new problem like this, there's an unfolding new series of observations that come out basically almost... With a new problem like this, there's a new series of observations.
How many times are you going to say new there, Captain McCullough?
Is that your main script?
Use as many times novel and new as possible and learning new things all the time?
Doesn't sound like he's saving very many people from the script.
Almost every day now, right?
Or every week and month that we learn new things.
So we actually change our conclusions based on what we've learned.
In many ways, it's one of the most- So in December of 2021, Peter McCullough has not realized that supplementary oxygen was used to kill people in New York City by creating acute respiratory distress syndrome.
He hasn't realized that ventilation was never needed, was probably overused and maybe led to acute respiratory distress syndrome in people that were ventilated.
He hasn't realized that the lack of use of antibiotics because a viral syndrome doesn't respond to antibiotics could have also led to a three or four or five time increase in death from pneumonia and from urinary tract infection that would have been otherwise treated.
None of that is here now.
He's talking exclusively about a new thing with new stuff, learning stuff all the time.
There's no sense that people are being hurt.
exciting times in medical science than I've witnessed in my entire career.
The excitement is extraordinary.
Every week and month that we learn new things, so we actually change our conclusions based on what we've learned.
In many ways, it's one of the most exciting times in medical science than I've witnessed in my entire career.
The excitement is extraordinary.
And the tensions are great because there's always tensions as we are humbled by finding out that maybe what we had previously thought now is not supportable, that we're on the wrong track and now we need to change.
Science is ever changing.
And you're right, doctors... What else can you conclude?
Do we need to watch more of that video?
You know what he's going to say for the rest of it.
I don't want to pull the rug out from anybody, ladies and gentlemen, but the evidence is out there.
If you want to check these people, you can just check and their words will answer.
You don't have to make any inferences.
What I'm suggesting to you is that these people were put in place.
The crazy part is, is that after I left that signal group,
After I got hired by CHD, it was then in June of 2023 that he released that video, and I sent, very naively,
to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a email saying that Brett didn't release your interview for one and a half years, and I think I know why.
It's because Brett's dad worked with your dad and helped form the FDA.
He was a patent lawyer in the Department of Justice involved in the thalidomide scandal, and maybe he pretended not to understand you.
Maybe he held your message back for one and a half years and that means that he might be a meddler.
You have to be careful about him because his dad might be in on this.
Let me know what I can do to help you understand this."
And I got an email that said, thank you.
I don't know if he read it or if he already knew or... This is pretty much when everything went silent.
because it was in June of 2023 that I was already hot on the trail of the clones and it would only be a few weeks later that Bobby would ask me to explain them and then after that it was pretty much game over because the overclass had put in place this highly trained acolytes that include people like Meryl Nass and Robert Malone, Kevin McKernan, Jessica Rose and all of these people had already integrated into the background of CHD
Bobby had already come to understand them as trustworthy.
He trusts Mary Holland as well, who I'm sure is a traitor.
And I don't know what to tell you.
You can't go online and say these things and be a grifter, I don't think.
How do I win by saying these things?
Aren't they gonna sue me for these lies?
Shouldn't somebody be suing me already, like Robert Malone?
They sued Jane Ruby and the Breggans for saying something about mass psychosis.
Why not sue me for... But of course they won't, because the truth's in the book.
The truth is known by all the people in the first paragraph of the book.
There's a lot of names in the first paragraph of the acknowledgements page.
I'm not talking about the page, or sorry, the paragraph that my name's in.
I'm talking about the paragraph above it.
And every one of those employees of CHD and Skyhorse Publishing knows the truth of this book, the truth of my role in it, the truth of what I said before it was published, and the truth about what I've said afterward.
You don't have to take my word for it.
There's at least 10 people who know it's the truth.
And apparently a lot of them were fired by CHD in October last year, so they're all free to talk.
And somehow none of them are saying anything yet.
We're still just stuck here with crickets.
With a ha-ha movement.
that's gonna get rid of the numbered dyes in our food and take the fluoride out of our water in a year or two.
None of those people are saying that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread despite meeting Denny Rancourt across the ocean in Romania last year.
Oh no, sorry.
It was the year before last.
The former Human Genome Project Research and Development Director told a verifiably incorrect story about this book that I helped write, and it was less than a month ago.
That guy, this dude right here, this dude listed right there, he's right now nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary in the United States.
So why is a former Human Genome Project alum lying about his book and the contents of it?
More importantly, why is he telling a story about a guy who came to my house, a guy who interfered with my family for a few years?
Maybe I should get a lawyer and sue him.
Anybody want to?
Anybody have the guts to try and bring this down?
There's your suit right there.
Because he's interfering with my ability to make a living.
by lying about me on the internet, calling me names, writing shitty articles.
And that guy was in front of the Senate in January of 2024 with all those people that were on stage in Romania a few months before it.
With Denny Rancourt and Nick Hudson.
But I need you to understand, ladies and gentlemen, about pandemic.
And, Stephen, your immunology professor said very good, because the question was very good.
And of course, as I've been trying to say for four years now, there is no pandemic, there was no pandemic, and there will be no pandemic.
And
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic, it can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
So anyone who comes up and says there was a pandemic, he should prove that there was one.
It's not we who have to show that there was no pandemic.
Now it's very nice that he says that, but it's also bullshit.
If RNA cannot pandemic, then we shouldn't stop talking about it.
It's the most important thing to talk about from now until the end of our lives.
If intramuscular injection is dumb, then it's the most important thing to talk about until it's stopped.
If transfection in healthy people was a crime, then it's the most important thing to talk about until it's stopped.
The reason why none of these people care that Sukrit Bhakti said that he has nothing to disagree with.
And that statement's pretty crazy because in that talk, of course, we were talking about a background, non-specific PCR test, the population pyramid problem that needed managing with murder and lies, and the fact that RNA cannot pandemic and that they were transfecting people and lying about it.
And he said he didn't disagree with any of it.
Yet somehow or another, nobody has heard that.
Nobody gives me a call and wants to interview me and even the people that want to interview me keep canceling.
There's nobody calling about this book.
Nobody calling about that.
But in fact, no numbers will support that statement.
No numbers will support that statement.
In fact, Denny Rancourt has known that.
Dodd has known that.
They've all known that there are numbers to support what happened, and they have nothing to do with RNA spreading around the world.
But they don't have to know the biology of that.
They don't have to be sophisticated enough to know.
They can be dumb enough to believe that can happen, and they can be very useful tools in this, but he's not one of them.
But he's also been put in jail, just like Thomas Binder has been put in a psych ward.
So these people have a limited range and a limited reach and a limited ability to do anything.
But if you want the truth, there it is.
Sukrit Bhakti and Thomas Binder right now, in my estimation, are the only people that seem to be, as of yet, not compromised.
Don't like those conclusions?
Go listen to somebody else.
That's my recommendation.
It's been a long, strange trip for me.
A lot of these pictures are taken with people who don't want to be in those pictures, like Pierre-Corey here, like Kevin McCarran here when he came to Pittsburgh, like this guy here, Asim Malhotra.
Boy, he tried to get past me.
I caught up to him.
I said, hey, dude, I want a selfie with you, man.
The only selfie that I like in this whole picture really is this one right here with me and G. Edward Griffin.
Now that, that's a picture, man, I couldn't believe I got to give that guy a hug.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen, but RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfecting healthy people was a crime, and the population pyramids problem is real.
These people managed it with nonspecific PCR tests on a bad background, and they rolled out placebos to make sure you'd never realize how bad transfection was.
And they used people like Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying to make sure that you'd never realize what transfection was and how bad it was until it would be too late for you to save your college-age kids.
your children from it.
And that was by design.
That's why they are part of the healthy freedom movement right now.
It was an illusion of consensus created by team worst case scenario.
It was a tunnel of lies coordinated by these people paid to do it on the military programs that we are calling social media.
It is how the very lively debate within that spectrum is curated on social media is by liars, not by some algorithm or some program, by coordinated lying that includes anonymous mouse accounts.
It is the manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses that they are engaged in.
And social media allows them to do it more easily than ever.
And they started at the beginning of the pandemic by telling us to stay home and log in.
And then these people did their performance for five years.
That's how we got here.
That's why Pierre Cory was involved in the beginning with pulse oximeters and low pulse ox readings in New York City and promoting Kyle Seidel that Kevin McCairn had pinned on his tweet feed for the first year of the pandemic to make sure that 60 liters of oxygen a minute seemed normal, even though in the 80s already, we knew that could kill people in the ICU.
No one and nobody is in this narrative by chance, including an ICU doctor who definitely knows you can't just give oxygen to people in a high flow tube and put them in the hallway.
That's why Pierre Corey needed to do it.
That's also why Pierre Corey is the guy who provided the medical affidavit in a state that he's not certified in, in Minnesota for Floyd's death by suffocation.
That's also why years later he did sub-stack video responses to Jessica Hockett about New York City and never talked about any of this stuff.
And she never asked.
And then she disappeared.
It's the same reason why the Corman-Jorston review, which didn't really oppose anything,
has a bunch of sketchy authors on it that go on to be meddlers for years after the pandemic.
And they started only in December 11th, the beginning of December, end of November in 2020.
with no useful objection.
It's all the same groups are sabotaged or fully manifested as a way and a means of controlling the narrative.
Making sure that nobody made any fast progress.
Make sure that the murder in Scotland would happen before anybody would say anything.
Make sure the murder in the UK
The murder in the United States could be misconstrued as a spreading pathogen for as long as possible.
And ICANN and CHD and FLCCC and PANDATA and HEART, Doctors for COVID Ethics with Mike Palmer, all of them were either infiltrated by or directly part of Team Worst Case Scenario.
Mike Palmer was on stage with them in 2023.
Timur's case scenario is, you know, loosely, it is George Webb and associates.
They wanted desperately for Mark Kulak to be permanently associated with them and tarnished by their work.
And they spent years tarnishing his work and repeating it incorrectly.
Robert Malone and associates are what I estimate as people who did the same thing to me.
Although the overlap between George Webb's network and Robert Malone's network suggests that it's actually just one network.
Steve Bannon may be a part of that network too, I don't know, because he promoted Steven Hatfill in 2020.
He's the first guy to say LabLeak.
This could all be one network that's also coordinating with the intellectual dark web people.
That of course would have claimed that they were already onto this podcast thing earlier than you guys, and they would be the sort of, you know, the elders in this group.
These people were put in place before the pandemic, and they orchestrated this narrative, and they're still doing it now, and that means that we can still blow their cover.
The way that they did it was, and you can see it very clearly, they never objected to the diagnostics.
Jessica Rose, Steve Kirsch, Brett Weinstein, Heather Haying, Robert Malone, Pierre Corey,
Peter McCullough, I can go on and on and on.
Erso and Kohl and all of them, none of them have ever argued that the pandemic could have been avoided, could have been faked, could have been produced by the PCR test, not in 2020 and not afterward.
And yet actually that is the most important part of the pandemic because it created the remnant stream that is now going to be used in the Stargate AI to provide the de-identified remnant streams that will be used to sequence and then rematch medical data with it.
That's what's happening.
It's happening right now.
We told you it was gonna happen before we understood how they were gonna do it.
And the old and new social media, they're all doing it.
Gab and Telegram, they were all just tests.
They were all just herding cats to try and get us to sort ourselves into more useful groups that they could use against us.
all of these people promote supplements on their stream now, all of these people are selling something, and all of these people are under the illusion of these piles of money that are being made, these incomes that are being made, the comfort that's being provided by them, whether it's social media or supplement sales or sponsorships or both,
I don't care if you're getting sponsored by Rumble or by the wellness company.
The bottom line is, is that you are involved in this manipulation and this health freedom movement that really just feels like a movement against the FDA.
It really just feels like a movement against the regulation of things being safe and effective.
The regulation of the label of products.
That's what the wellness company would find annoying.
That's what all these fitness supplement people would find annoying.
That there's this agency that they have to go through in order to be able to say what they want to say on their label.
Obviously, it's not all about that, ladies and gentlemen, because medicine is regulated by what you can say on the label and personalized medicine would have a real big problem if it had to say on the label anything, but this is just made for one person and we can't test it.
And so the FDA actually stands in the way of something much bigger than fitness supplements and much bigger than spike protein detox.
It stands in the way of personalized medicine, something that people like Margaret Hamburg and Joshua Lederberg have been talking about for decades, planning for decades.
Mark Lander has been wishing for decades.
Vintner, everybody that worked for the Human Genome Project has been planning for personalized medicine for decades.
And crazy part is, is even sequencing pot could be used in a sort of ramp up to personalized pot medicine.
And yet somehow or another, everybody seems to be completely oblivious to the fact that all of these people in the Ma Ha Ha Ha movement have been anti-FDA since 2020.
First and foremost, which being this guy that's my personal, personal pain in the ass, Kevin McKernan.
There's only one chance in history, ladies and gentlemen, to collect the data of our kids and their kids when there's still going to be, you know, a few billion people on the planet to collect before the population pyramids naturally reset and invert.
become normal, population crashes, and this data will be gone forever.
The games of Go, the games of chess that they need to give to their God, to their AI, those games will be lost if they're not collected now.
It's not about me and you.
It's about our kids and about our kids' kids, because our kids' kids are still gonna be part of a generation that is about, you know, eight billion.
It's a lot of data available.
You've got to see on a longer time horizon than three weeks if you want to see what these people are doing.
Mr. President, we certainly couldn't do this without you.
It would simply be impossible.
AI holds incredible promise for all of us, for every American.
We've actually been working with OpenAI for a while and with MASA for a while.
The data centers are actually under construction.
The first of them are under construction in Texas.
Each building is a half a million square feet.
There are 10 buildings currently being built, but that will expand to 20, and other locations beyond the Abilene location, which is our first location.
The kind of applications that we're building, to give you an idea, maybe the most charismatic and the ones I think touches us all, is electronic health records, not just maintaining electronic health records, but by looking at electronic... Electronic health records.
It goes right there.
There it is.
chronic health records, understanding the condition of the doctors, better understanding the condition of their patients, and being able to provide health care plans that are much better than they otherwise would be.
A doctor in Indian River Reservation would be able to see how a doctor at Memorial Sloan Kettering would treat the patient.
It absolutely is on a global scale.
There it is.
Memorial Sloan Kettering, Alice Moore's stomping ground.
You notice they didn't go to where dr. Mary's non-existing monkey was They didn't go down to somewhere in Louisiana Where there's some, you know, crazy semi fictional story about someone that you know used to have you know Sex with Lee RZ hot Harvey Oswald tied up with someone else that was burned to death.
No, they go straight to Cornelius Rhodes Chester Southam Alice Moore Memorial Sloan-Kettering
I know I'm boring.
I don't get into all of the other conspiracies that are, that involve, you know, sex and burning bodies.
I know.
Mark Kulak of Housatonic is so lame.
He doesn't entertain all of the crazy, you know, Mason stuff in the Vatican and everything else.
Blah, blah, blah.
So boring.
You know why I'm so boring?
Because I stick to where I know they're going to be talking, what they're going to be talking about.
I nailed it.
I nailed this one.
and everyone else, thousands of other channels could have done it too.
He did nail it, actually.
That's the crazy part.
It's a victory, but it's... It's not really a victory.
It's more like... It's edifying that we are really it.
I would not have gotten here without Mark.
I hope that I contributed something useful to his work.
We are the only ones that we know of besides Joe Marshall and maybe Scott Shara who are actually fighting this in earnest with a good grasp of what we're really fighting.
And the depth and breadth of the coordinated line, how long it's been going on, how many false histories have been written and perpetuated by these people.
What a long, strange trip it has been to get all the way to the point where now they have basically admitted that electronic health records are going to be combined with the genetic data from the remnant stream of testing and they are going to assemble the database that everybody in the Human Genome Project has always known would be necessary in order to crack anything.
Because they haven't really accomplished anything yet other than a few landmarks
And in order for them to accomplish anything, they need all of our data.
Just like if they had a few games of Go, we're going to play a game of Go, and we're going to play it all the way to the end.
And then they announced at the end of the Human Genome Project that they had actually played three games of Go to the end, and they were on their way to understanding how Go would work.
And now they're just telling you that now that we have the computers, we need to play a million games of Go, and then we'll know how Go works.
It is exactly the same analogy.
It's exactly the same level of malevolence.
It's the exact same level of exaggeration.
The initial sequencing of the human genome would have been no different than playing 10 games of Go with the idea of playing 10 billion games of Go in order to solve the game.
And so now they've spent the last 20 years developing the computer technology and the sequencing technology and the AI infrastructure
in order to try what Joshua Lederberg predicted would be possible.
Joshua Lederberg, you know, the guy that only Mark talks about, the guy that I wouldn't know anything about if it wasn't for Mark, that guy who wrote a chapter in Man and His Future alongside of Hilary Koprowski, who I also wouldn't know without Mark.
It's not like Kevin McCarran talks about Hilary Koprowski or Rixey has him in his Excel sheet.
Matt Crawford doesn't have him on his diagram of polygons.
The only people who called this are me and Mark.
The only people who called this that they are going to feed their God this data, that that's their plan, that's it's all about.
That's why they're telling us this story about RNA pandemicking when it can't, because they need to feed this to their AI.
I'm one of the few people who has a track record that you can check and verify.
And you won't be like, oh no, you were doing that?
You're not going to find the 1000 Genomes Project in my past.
You're not going to find NATO viral funding in my past.
You're not going to find me modeling viruses in my past.
You're going to find me using transfection.
You're going to find me losing my job for saying that we shouldn't transfect people.
You're going to find the truth and you're going to find an unblemished record of integrity that runs right up to me being a consultant for the now-nominated Health and Human Services Secretary and a good friend and colleague of J. Bhattacharya, who's nominated for NIH.
They can't deny me.
And my history doesn't lie, while all of their histories also doesn't lie.
That's the crazy part.
It's just that nobody cares.
And the fact of the matter, nobody cares that PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud, is because that remnant stream is essential to the narrative.
That remnant stream is essential to generating a new narrative.
The testing of sewers, the testing of people coming into hospitals and the production of those remnants will feed directly into that AI infrastructure that Ellison was bragging about.
And that was the intention all along.
That's why none of these lawyers are talking about the lawsuits that are on a few major campuses in the United States about the sale of those remnants from those campuses in 2020 and 2021.
CHD's not fighting that one.
ICANN's not fighting that one.
Aaron Siri's not talking about that one.
PCR as a diagnostic is the lie they have perpetuated, covered up, and never ever questioned.
None of them!
And they should be questioning it right now because that's the whole way that they created the fear and uncertainty and doubt that allowed people to be coerced into accepting transfection as an investigational vaccine, which it is not.
These people also won't talk about how synthetic recombinant genetics are the way that proteins, that biotics, biologics rather, were being produced in pharmaceutical companies before 2020.
There was no retooling necessary.
And in fact, biologics have an extra step of purification that can't be used to purify RNA.
And so all the shortcomings of using synthetic recombinant genetics to produce the RNA in the first place were already known.
And anybody that worked in pharmaceutical companies, and yes, I'm including Kevin McKernan and Sasha Latupova and Mike Yeadon and Robert Malone and anybody else that worked
remotely close to pharmaceutical companies for years, knows how biologics are produced, and should have known that biologics are expensive because they can't always be purified from their bacterial contaminations in the DNA and RNA used to produce them.
And if they can't be purified, they get thrown away.
The purification process is called NIN exchange chromatography, and it's incredibly expensive, but it's required for all projects, including like monoclonal antibodies, et cetera.
And so those people all knew that we wouldn't be able to clean up the RNA, that it would be contaminated, and knew that even if it was clean, it wouldn't work because it was transfection.
And transfection is dumb.
The only thing they could do is make a large quantity of DNA, which we saw already with the Inovio BBC video in 2020 when they bragged about it.
Yeah, we're making the spike protein DNA right here.
It kind of stinks, smells bad, says the tall, blonde Scottish lady.
Transfection was a crime from the very beginning, and that's why Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan have never said it and never will.
That's why Jessica Rose won't say it, and Mary Holland won't say it, and Meryl Nass won't say it, just like they won't say that the U.S.
vaccine schedule was a criminal enterprise before the pandemic.
just like all these people that worked in pharmaceutical companies would have known that the easiest way to do this would have been rolling out placebo because it makes the safety go way up.
It makes the manufacturing super easy.
And then you can keep track of the hot lots real, real easy.
And yet nobody, nobody said it.
The only person who came close was Mike Eden when he was, when he was presenting Sasha Latapova's data for the first time in 2021.
Then he never really said it again.
And so what I'm suggesting to you is, is that in one screen, we are able to summarize what happened here.
That non-specific tests on a hot background could be misconstrued as spread and rolling out placebo would have allowed them to get away with rolling out transfection and not hurting enough people.
It's not Russian roulette if the vast majority is placebo.
There are no safety signals if the vast majority is placebo.
And the safety signals we do see are not something to complain about if there are placebo signals, then you can complain about a crime.
And they didn't.
and they still haven't been able to explain that healthy people actually don't get sick.
They haven't been able to explain that this is all based on a bad biology where evolution because DNA or DNA because evolution and those assumptions don't work.
They've never been able to say that intramuscular injection is dumb or even come close to saying that even though they've had like 15 years to think about it.
15 years to say something as clever as intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
15 years to come up with a thing as clever as RNA cannot pandemic, but they haven't done it.
I would like in 2025 to offer you a new biology that's based around the concept that life is a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time that these charlatans have no business claiming to be able to augment.
And I want to be your biology coach in learning the biology that edifies that.
I want to be your biology coach that helps you to understand that the freedom movement is actually ha ha, a joke on our kids.
I want to be the guy that helps you understand this biology, including the population pyramids problem, and that intramuscular injection is dumb.
Ladies and gentlemen, the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise and these people have been working on social media to make sure that that never becomes common knowledge.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal and RNA cannot pandemic.
Thank you very much.
I'll see you guys again tomorrow.